===High===

  * Snes9x Hotkeys
       * Implement desmume hotkey checking system without freezing gui
       * Make background input optional - this is not actually a problem, just that frame advance hack for myself

  * The main cvs crashes when open cue iso is used - what is the difference?  This is maybe a problem with c68kexec or differences in compilation between mingw and VS. This may not actually be a problem.
  * Resuming can break, resulting in an "inverted" movie. Mnemonics are placed for non-pressed and . are placed for pressed.
  * The screenshot display when loading a state is broken for gtk pure software, opengl doesn't display correctly due to glzoompixels or whatever.  It needs to save the vidsoft framebuffer for software mode I guess.
  * When resuming, any pressed keys will get stuck and record into the movie.
  * The ram search window doesn't display properly the second time you open it in a session
  * Frame counter doesn't always reset when it should
  * Resolve the project file differences between the cvs and the svn - this is causing differences in the way it is compiled resulting in extern "C" needed more often in one codebase than the other
  * Compilation is broken on other platforms
  * Clean up the savestates / anything else now that the old movie system is gone
  * Lag frame counter hasn't been moved to new movie system, make advancing lag frames an option.  Right now it's mandatory.
  * Separate movie savestates from normal savestates
  
===Medium=== 

  * SCSP_FRAMEACCURATE ought to be a runtime option if possible
  * Allow dumping avi's at any resolution
  * Ram-watch - values don't update
  * Ram-Search - values don't update while holding frame advance
===Low===

  * Fix png dumper
  * Auto-hold